Have the last topic I want to touch and this Marchal is destructuring.
Destructuring allows you to do what The same applies to structure a complex object like an object or
an array into simpler ones and I'll show you how this works.
I'll start with an array numbers and those should be one to free let's say.
And then the structuring works like this.
Let's say I want to have one and 2.
Now of course I quit.
Set a equal to number or is index 0.
And then I could do the same for B and the axis the item and the index one and the next would breed
at AP that would work.
Destructuring gives you a shorter syntax.
Use square brackets to structure an array for objects as you will see later you use curly braces then
the values you want to.
Well are you variable names you want to fill with values and then well the Optik you want to do is structure
numbers so that of course is syntax.
You probably haven't seen before because it's new and prior to E6 you didn't use square brackets on
this side of the equal sign right.
You would use that on the right side to create an array.
But on the left that certainly is new.
Now let me show you what this actually does for printing a.
And then also printing B.
And we have the idea you already can guess what we'll have.
But what do you think will happen.
I had run you'll see one and two.
So this is a quick way to extract values from an array.
Now of course all the could add c to get the word value as well.
The question is what happens with the original array.
Is it destroyed or is it changed by this restructuring or are we just retrieving copies of those values
instead of actually pulling them out.
So what do you think we'll see if I now had run.
I'll ask and see the original aere still persists.
It's not changed.
We're just getting copies of the values we're pulling out with destructuring.
Another interesting question of course it is what if I actually pull out more values then this every
has and now I want to print d here.
What do you think I'll get if I now hit run.
Well I got undefined because remember I can think of a Chavez group arrayed as kind of an infinite array
where all the values you didn't set are just undefined values.
So you can pull out as many values as you want.
You will get them they are just fine at different ways is also the wrote the rest parameter here.
You may use it like this B.
And if it now print b what you think I'll get if I had run I get a new array.
So with the rest parameter I'm basically pulling out all the remaining values which I didn't restructure
before like a and put them into a new array which of course also is possible.
This is a quick way to Reto to retrieve a part often array of course you would also have splice and
slice for such operations.
But as you can see it is a really quick way to get certain values if you will need to get them.
Needless to say destructuring of course also works with an array that has strings or something like
this.
So if and now it run this still works to say.
Now back to the A B example.
And I also retrieve C and D like before.
No you already saw that if I run this D will be undefined Of course with destructuring You can also
assign default values like this before.
If I now had run you see default if i also assigned 4 to 8 here and then I had to run.
What do you think will happen.
We see one.
So let's kind of a mixture of functions with default values and golf destructuring here.
So basically you are able to prepare for the case that value you want to pull out.
It's actually undefined in this case he would get whatever default value you set up here.
And again this could also be a number or any type.
But if the value is available like here with a where we actually can pull out one then that the fold
will not be used.
Instead we get the actual value we pull out with destructuring.
Destructuring can also be used for something else you can use it to quickly swap variables.
So let's say we have eight which is five and we have B which is 10 and we just want to swap that 7 and
8 10 and B is 5.
Well before you would need a helper variable seat you would temporarily store one value then set one
variable to the other and then set T A C to the other one and so on.
So it was possible but it had some extra steps.
Now it's as simple as this.
Destructuring with the variable names you already defined so a and you assign it like this A and B.
So what kind of destructuring on both side.
So we're here we're creating an array to be precise for constructing an array and then we're instantly
destructuring it.
So here we're really creating an array where A is the first element that beats the second and then we're
deconstructing it to well basically swap the values.
So therefore if y.
Now log B of course also log a
run.
I get an error or because I shouldn't use LET here think humor.
So now if I had run you'll see B which is the first one we print is now actually 5 even though we said
it to 10 before and is 10 so you values actually worse whopped.
And this is a really quick way to do this.
In case you have some coal where you need to swap certain values destructuring really makes this easy
.
Another thing you can do with destructuring to go back to the array of numbers here.
You can also ignore certain values.
So let's say I want you blow out some values but not all of them.
I want to put the first one and the first one.
Well then I just leave an empty space like that.
And so that equal two numbers and then I log a and see I can also use the lock function like this.
If I know I'd run.
What do you think we'll get.
I get one in free.
So two were simply left out as I reserved an empty space here in the rest.
Operator are in structuring.
Operator here.
So I simply left out this space where I could assign B but I don't have to and therefore I'm able to
just pull out specific places in the array.
I want to destructor.
You can also do something like this.
You don't even need to declare your array.
You can immediately for example you structure it like this a and b and now had run with it you think
we'll get one in two.
So now I'm not even creating this array I'm not declaring it and not sending it to it's own variable
instead of immediately destructuring it to just get a B out of it.
Now this is kind of a way to to quickly create a and b variables initialized with one and 2 where if
you think of this if you think of it like this.
So that is a number of ways you used the structuring